Recently, the number of refugees has been increasing, due to wars and natural disasters. Refugees face various types of challenges in their lives, whether during the process of illegal immigration or when trying to adapt to a new country with no money or resources in hand. Governments should prioritize offering facilities to refugees to ease this process, especially since the number of refugees has recently peaked. As such, they need to start providing shelters, job opportunities and school places for their children. Societies and governments' attitude can also have a significant impact.  Most of the refugees are mentally traumatized because of the chaos they experienced in their home countries, and they feel like they were rejected from their own countries; so their mental status can be improved if the society receives and accept them in a positive way.

Nowadays, most countries don’t accept refugees because of economic reasons as it is believed that refugees will make the unemployment crisis worse. This fact forces refugees to immigrate in an illegal way. Illegal immigration is a dangerous and risky procedure, and it can result in a lot of deaths. Also, refugees who immigrated illegally can't live as normal citizens, because they don’t have official identification papers.  This prevents them from owning a property, entering a legit job and registering school places for their children, which makes them a very easy target for human traffickers because of their miserable status. Moreover, even legally immigrated refugees suffer from discrimination when trying to find a job, as recruiters often prefer giving the job to a native person versus a refugee who might be more qualified.   As a result, it’s quite impossible for them to buy a shelter or to recreate their lives again. Refugees suffer a lot on a moral level; imagine being forced out of your home country to a completely strange country with a different language and culture. In addition to the fact that most of the refugees have some kind of trauma due to the violent experiences they had back in their countries, which could’ve caused death to some of their family members. Moreover, they are usually subjected to a lot of racism possibly because of their different skin color or their cultural differences, which makes them feel unsafe and complicates the process of adaptation. They might also fail to understand their surroundings due to the language barrier.

Authorities have to step up and provide different kinds of facilities to refugees in an attempt to resolve the situation. In my opinion, the most practical solution is providing more job opportunities to refugees, this can be applied by setting strict supervision on recruiters to ensure they don’t discriminate against refugees. Also, an efficient way of increasing job opportunities might be decreasing the use of automated robots which will result in replacing these robots with humans. Furthermore, due to the language barrier challenge, I suggest that the government creates a website targeting refugees. The aim of this site is to teach language courses online, which won’t be a costly operation. Moreover, this approach will boost them when they’re trying to find jobs, as not having the ability to speak the native language is one of the reasons behind their lack of employment. It might be a good start to build specialized shelters for refugees in order to help them start their new life, not necessarily luxurious ones. It can be in the form of a refugees’ camp that has all the types of facilities, for example medical care and transportation. Also, in order to reduce illegal immigrants, governments of neighbor countries should join efforts to strengthen their borders. In order to balance between refugees' support and internal economy, countries can open their doors only to people coming from countries that are considered to be in an emergency state like Palestine for example. I suggest constructing specialized schools for refugees only, in order not to affect natives’ school places. I think it’s unfair not to provide equal education for refugees children. Moreover, providing mental health support might be an excellent idea because of the traumas they had from wars. This can be applied by the government partnering with mental health organizations in order to provide refugees camps or shelters with mental therapists who can help them in rehabilitating their mental state. 

                               The duty of helping refugees is not on governments only, because the attitude and treatment of societies have a huge influence on their adaptation.Refugees need to feel that they are welcomed and loved, especially because they experienced a very unfortunate feeling of rejection after they were forced to leave their home countries, this can make their personalities very sensitive. The duty of their surroundings is to make them feel home again. I believe that stopping racism will automatically solve other forms of discrimination they experience. Because of the trend, I suggest starting social media campaigns to raise awareness about racism which will be a very efficient way. These campaigns can aim at explaining how racism can result in significant psychological issues, which will make people aware of how bullying is not a thing to joke about. Also, school communities can be established to ease communication and create a bond between natives and refugees' kids. This can be applied by setting discussion meetings between them in order to help natives understand the cultures of refugees. This will ease the understanding and connection process between both sides. I chose this approach because when they learn to accept others in these early stages of their lives, they will be able to apply it when they grow up later on.

In the end, the suggested solutions will take plenty of time to be applied correctly, so a lot of patience will be needed in the procedure,in an attempt to resolve the situation. The status of any group fully depends on its leader.I hope authorities prioritize taking action in this topic, because refugees are not minimal as before. Refugees deserve these changes, simply because it’s not their problem that countries are always in conflict, so people who were the reason behind these wars should be responsible of fixing the situation.
