Working in groups is an extremely efficient way of doing tasks. I noticed how schools always prefer to carry out group projects rather than individual ones, and I believe this is due to its numerous benefits. Group work helps students develop their communication skills, because it somehow forces them to deal with different types of personalities. During school years I participated in a lot of group work, which made me well prepared for social life later on in university. Moreover, on the academic level I acquired the skill of being very efficient, as a result of knowing how to specify priorities .Developing a successful group environment is a complicated process ,because of the variety of backgrounds a single group can have, but it’s very doable if the leader is able to implement some rules that can maintain a productive team. Moreover, since the leader of the group is its backbone, some actions should be avoided by him in order to ensure having a healthy team environment. For example, being a dictator or dealing with members in an aggressive way.

Group work is extremely advantageous on an individual level   The duty of   helping refugees is not on governments only due to the academic and social skills it provides. Developing communication skills for students is probably a goal in every school, as a result they include tons of projects that are carried by groups. Working in a group involves dealing with people from different backgrounds and personalities. This gives the ability of understanding all the different types of mindsets. A lot of youth lack the ability of demonstrating the full picture of their ideas to others, so when these people get involved in some group discussions they automatically acquire this skill due to practicing it several times. I believe group work can actually change people who always refuse to listen to other opinions, just because they are always right. This is as result of the group work getting them used to listening to many different point of views, so finally they get to realize that it’s not necessary that they always have the most correct perspective. Moreover, it increases their productivity, because they somehow acquire the skill of differentiating between primary and secondary goals. Finally, it boosts their self-esteem, which is a result of the responsibilities they are given. This actually gives them a huge confidence push in their future, because the challenges they overcame in the group give them a lot of experience. Beside all these psychological pros, group work is much more efficient than individual work, because it ensures having different personalities with a variety of skills rather than only one person with limited skills. According to Forbes (2020), successful groups often carry out fun activities for all the members, as a result a bond is generated, which pushes every person to reach his full potential. The reason behind this fact is that a person’s creativity level peaks whenever he feels comfortable in his environment.

various types of challenges in their lives.Moving on to the factors that can create a successful group. a lot of patience will be needed in the procedure.Communication is the factor that undisputedly should exist in every team work project. According to Forbes, in order to improve communication the team should have a healthy environment on the psychological level, in order to push members to state their opinions without any fear of the reaction of others. From my perspective, I believe the leader is responsible of implementing this feeling in his members by giving them the freedom of disagreeing with him. A great approach to accomplish such an environment is to make everyone involved in the decision making process of the project, which ensures that every single person feels valued and appreciated. If the leader is a dictator, then the idea of working as a group will be useless. It’s essential to have understanding between members in order to avoid any aggressive arguments happening as a result of a disagreement. According to Friedman (2021), in order to create some sort of connection, it can be useful to carry out arguments that are not related to work with the purpose of making the members understand the mindsets of each other. Also, being clear about the priorities in every phase is a very effective way of regulating a team, since this prevents members from wasting their times in useless tasks. There are way more factors, but these approaches are the basics that can give a huge boost in the process of developing the group at least at the beginning.

The status of any group fully depends on its leader since he’s the one who controls everything. refugees in an attempt to resolve the situation.There are a lot of actions leaders should completely avoid, in order not to create a toxic atmosphere in their groups. I believe a leader shouldn’t be preferring a member over another, because this will destroy the team spirit. Actually, doing this can lead to some members losing their self-esteem, moreover it can generate some sort of jealousy between them, since some members are more valued than others.  According to Prashob (2021), leaders should have the ability of listening and accepting the opinions of their members, even if some of them are disagreements. Having a dictator leader kills the concept behind working in a group, since the leader is the only person who states his point of view, as a result brainstorming meetings are useless. I believe as a leader you shouldn’t be dealing with the group members in an aggressive way, because it creates a barrier between you and them, which makes them afraid of stating their opinions. Also, Prashob ensures that leaders should avoid not giving credits to their members for their work. If we think more about this point, we will find out that it pushes the members to be careless about the status of their project, as a result of feeling like they are not even part of its success. I recommend people who are willing to boss a project to take courses in leadership, as this skill is not easy as a lot of people think, so it’s preferred not to underestimate it.

Finally, people who didn’t get involved in group work before should immediately take the step and join. I truly believe that participating in team projects is essential before applying for any job, simply because probably in every job there is some sort of group work. The gained experiences of participating assist people in a lot of situations later in their lives. It’s a necessity in every single school to carry out tons of group work, because it will be very beneficial for students to develop their social skills from such an early age. This will support them later on when trying to make friendships in high school. Also, I advise leaders not to be pessimistic in case their groups fail, because every group has his own unique circumstances, so success is based on how fast their members will adapt to the community. 














