hello, this is cherif offering facilities to refugees to ease this poocess i am back. backing is very good but adapt to a new 
country with no money when being a good guy in the city.Nowadays, most countries don’t accept refugees because of economic reasons as it is believed that refugees will make the unemployment crisis worse. 
This fact forces refugees to immigrate in an illegal way. 
Illegal immigration is a dangerous and risky procedure, and it can result in a lot of deaths. Also, refugees who immigrated illegally can't live as normal citizens, 
because they don’t have official identification papers.  This prevents them from owning a property man this is bad, entering a legit job and registering school places for their children, 
which makes them a very easy target for human traffickers because of their miserable status. Moreover, even legally immigrated refugees suffer from discrimination when trying to find a job, as recruiters often prefer giving the job to a native person versus a refugee who might be more qualified.   As a result, it’s quite impossible for them to buy a shelter or to recreate their lives again. Refugees suffer a lot on a moral level; imagine being forced out of your home country to a completely strange country with a different language and culture. In addition to the fact that most of the refugees have some kind of trauma due to the violent experiences they had back in their countries, which could’ve caused death to some of their family members. Moreover, they are usually subjected to a lot of racism possibly because of their different skin color or their cultural differences, which makes them feel unsafe and complicates the process of adaptation. They might also fail to understand their surroundings due to the language barrier.factors that can create a successful group. a lot of patience will be needed in the procedure.Communication is the factor that undisputedly should exist in every team work project. According to Forbes, in order to improve communication the team should have a healthy environment on the psychological level, in order to push members to state their opinions without any fear of the reaction of others. From my perspective, I believe the leader is responsible of implementing this feeling in his members by giving them the freedom of disagreeing with him. A great approach to accomplish such an environment is to make everyone involved in the decision making process of the project, which ensures that every single person feels valued and appreciated. If the leader is a dictator, then the idea of working as a group will be useless. It’s essential to have understanding between members in order to avoid any aggressive arguments happening as a result of a disagreement. According to Friedman (2021), in order to create some sort of connection, it can be useful to carry out arguments that are not related to work with the purpose of making the members understand the mindsets of each other. Also, being clear about the priorities in every phase is a very effective way of regulating a team, since this prevents members from wasting their times in useless tasks. There are way more factors, but these approaches are the basics that can give a huge boost in the process of developing the group at least at the beginning.

The status of any group fully depends on its leader since he’s the one who controls ev
